That, right here is THE event. It costs € 3. It's okay. So those who are watching me can go to their local bookstore,
and buy: 3€. Us? we'll all be in the street, hoping for 1,000 outlets (I had to say a figure)
We hope and get organized for December 10th 1000 outlets. So I'll tell you one thing, don't start telling me:
"Where are the outlets, etc ..  "Just go on the website and look for a selling point.
Anyway, if there is no outlet, go to local Bookseller and buy 3 or 4.  Well you have a camping table at home,
so if you did not order anything, if you forgot to order the poster, you have forgotten everything,
this nice poster here, it's looking good, right? Well, you forgot. So, you go buy 4-5 books, you take your camping table
You put a coffee pot on it because it will be cold, some plastic cups, a coffee maker with coffee or tea to your taste, and presto!
A little music, if you want, you have your ... your big sound system there
and that's it!  You do the thing by yourself. So people can tell me: "You're kidding, right?"  No, no I'm not kidding.
I think that's how to do it. If we do it that way, thousands of us, wherever we are,
doing things well, then we're bound to meet others. You have lots of people who' will never watch this show,
but they will see you, on the street, they will say: "Ah, well, there was a guy, there was a girl with ...
with the program over there. Yes, they team with Mélenchon. "Well, that's how
we make people's edifice, cause otherwise what are you counting on? On the primaries, is that the trick?
The primaries? But them ain't primaries here, that's depressing, their tricks.